1. How would you modify the system to handle a potential loss of temperature feedback?
    a.) I would add a redundant temperature sensor in order to still have temperature feedback in the event the primary sensor is out of operation.
    b.) If a redundant sensor is not an option, or the backup sensor fails as well, I would perform an error check that would turn the cooler 
        on as a fail safe if a temperature reading error was detected. This assumes that a more catostrophic failure would occur if the 
        the temperature were to get too high rather than too low.

2. Suggest two additional possible Cooler Control Modes and describe them.
    a.) PID Control Mode
        In this control mode, a value for desired temperature is set, and the error (desired temperature - actual temperature) is calculated. 
        Modifications to the hardware/software are necessary, for example, the amount of power to the cooler must be able to be controlled, or the 
        "ON/OFF" control must be controled by a PWM signal with a varying duty cycle. Three values, proportional gain, integral gain, and derivative 
        gain will control the behvaior of the systsem.

        - The Proportional gain (Kp) will respond proportionally to the value of the error. (Kp *Error)
        - The Derivative gain (Kd) will try to predict whether the value will overshoot the target based on the derivative, or rate of 
        change, of the value. (Kd * (dError/dt))
        - The Integral gain will help reduce any steady state error that may occur by taking into account the past error. (Ki * integral(error) )
        
        Not all three terms need to be used and the values for each of the gains will have to be tuned to get desired system behavior. 

    b.) Timer Control Mode
        In this control mode, the cooler will be on for a preset amount of time and then turned off for a preset amount of time.
        The amount of time the cooler is on would allow for the environment to cool down to 10 degrees and the time off would allow the 
        environment to heat back up to 20 degrees. This mode does not take temperature feedback into account and it will likely not perform well in 
        regulating the temperature autonomously if environmental conditons change. 

3. Recommend other hardware or software improvements to enhance the system's performance or reliability.
    a.) A hardware improvement would be to implement a second temperature sensor to prevent the loss of temperature feedback
    b.) A software improvement would be implementing a digital filter for the temperature sensor input if values are still noisy
    c.) An additional software improvement would be implementing Real Time Operating System (RTOS). If telemetry data is time sensitive, this can 
    ensure that it is sent in the appropriate frequency. This would also be useful if additional funcitonality was added to the TCM in the future.